Optimize tests compilation with `--exact` flag (#2569)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/running-tests.md

Running 2 test(s) from src/
[PASS] package_name::tests::calling
[PASS] package_name::tests::calling_another
Tests: 2 passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped, 0 ignored, other filtered out
```

> When running with a filter, `other filtered out` is displayed in the summary.

Author: I think that instead of explaining cases in which it is displayed we should briefly explain optimized compilation logic here - maybe as a separate section. Just say something along the lines of "if you filter out tests using just a name, not paths (`::`), we will only compile these tests resulting in faster compilation`.

Reviewer: Actually I've reworded it and added a note, should draw user's attention more 👍 .

To run a specific test, you can pass a filter string along with an `--exact` flag.
Note, you have to use a fully qualified test name, including a module name.

> 📝 **Note**
>

> > Running a specific test results in optimized compilation. Only the desired test will be compiled, unlike the case of running all tests where all of them are compiled.

Author: ```suggestion
> Running a specific test results in optimized compilation. `snforge` will try to compile only the desired test, unlike the case of running all tests where all of them are compiled.
```
